Entropy's Chosen (Impact 3)
Entropy's Chosen are hosts of the Entropy parasite, granting them many powers but warping their physiology to depend on them.
Entropy's Chosen provides an emphasis on combat and exploration, allowing great feats and granting many options to those who properly
master its abilities.

Entropic Step
Activate while standing still or to will channel your dimensional power, charging a long-range teleport of up to 200 blocks. Once the
teleport is finished, you will enter Infinite Potential for 3 seconds. Striking an enemy with a weapon while in Infinite
Potential will exit you from it, filling half of your Starlight meter, piercing the armor of the target, and inflicting Void
Sepsis upon them, preventing all healing for 5 seconds. This ability has a 30-second cooldown, during which Entropic Blink also
cannot be used. This cooldown can be reduced or reset by consuming Starlight.
[Punching an enemy with a bare hand while charging this ability or while in Infinite Potential will launch them. This will not
have any abnormal effects besides knockback, but will not cancel Infinite Potential.]
[Taking damage while charging this ability will cancel the charge complete. Additionally, you will be severely slowed while charging.]
[You will glow purple and shake while in Infinite Potential, and will gain a purple tint around the edges of your screen.]

Entropic Blink
Activate while sprinting for a medium-range teleport. The teleport is slightly delayed, creating a rift at your destination and
freezing you in place briefly before occuring. If you are damaged during this delay, the blink will be cancelled. If the blink is not
interrupted by a block, the rift will become charged, turning blue instead of purple. Teleporting very close to an enemy with a
charged rift will cause a power surge, granting you Starlight and a short boost that increases speed and damage by 50%.
[The boost from a power surge will be cancelled immediately when you strike an enemy. While boosted, you will have a blue tint
around the edges of your screen.]
[While Entropic Step is on cooldown, you will be unable to activate this ability.]

Entropic Dodge
A jump through space that can travel through walls, teleporting you instantly with a short range. Holding Sneak while
activating will cause a downwards jump, and holding Jump will cause an upwards one. If neither are held, directional keys
will direct the jump. This can be used twice before going on cooldown (indicated by the ender pearl orbs above Starlight).

Starlight
The Entropy parasite allows the collection of Starlight to heal yourself instead of natural regeneration, displayed in a meter
above your hunger bar. After going 6 seconds without gaining Starlight, all your current Starlight will be consumed, healing
you for 1 health and reducing the cooldown of Entropic Step by 3 seconds per consumed notch of the Starlight meter. Reaching
full Starlight will instantly consume the meter, fully healing you and completely resetting the cooldown of Entropic Step.
Your food meter can be converted into Starlight by sneaking, though this will not work at full health. Starlight can
also be gained by achieving a power surge with Entropic Blink, deflecting a projectile with Cerulean Senses, or inflicting
Void Sepsis through Infinite Potential.
[Starlight gain from Cerulean Senses is low, but it will reset the 6 second delay before Starlight is consumed, allowing
you to maintain your Starlight for longer. Briefly generating Starlight by sneaking can also achieve this.]
[Generating Starlight by sneaking is quite costly on your food meter -- if it begins to starve you, you can eat simultaneous
to generating Starlight.]
[Entropic Blink power surges will fill a fifth of your Starlight; Infinite Potential hits half of it; and Cerulean
Senses deflects by 5%.]

Cerulean Senses
You have elevated senses, allowing you to deflect projectiles while holding a weapon.
[Items that count as weapons will be indicated with this tooltip: 🗡.]

Sleek Form
The Entropy parasite has warped your form. This allows you to run faster and, if you are sneaking as you land, avoid fall damage,
but your maximum health is slightly decreased, you cannot use a Shield, and armor and armor toughness only provide half their
usual benefit.

Strange Energy
Your Starlight-fueled body allows increased benefit from all foods, and for Rotten Flesh and Spider Eyes without negative effects. You also naturally give off purple particles, and have a slightly purple tint.